♪ MTV ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
I need to go
to the bathroom.
Tengo que ir al baño.
Listen. I
got to piss. okay?
You want me to piss
my fucking pants?
I'm about to piss my
fucking pants. all right?
Fuck me.
You say you own this land.
We have the rights.
No.
We own this land.
You own the surface.
which you purchased
from Daniel Piersall.
and Daniel Piersall's father
sold the mineral rights in 1993
to the Permian Basin Trust.
who subcontracted the
rights to Meridian Oil.
which was bought
by Conoco Phillips.
and sold to M-TEX Oil.
who only recently
discovered the rights.
We don't want your oil here.
Well. wish in one hand.
shit in the other.
see which one fills up first.
Maybe I slice you from
your huevos to your throat
and hang you from a bridge.
Huh?
See if oil companies come then.
Well. first they'll hire
Halliburton to build files
on you fucking assholes
that the FBI only
dreams about having.
Then they'll send
30 Tier 1 operators
from Triple Canopy. and they'll
bust you like a fucking piñata.
And if any of you dipshits
do make it back to Mexico.
they'll blow your fucking
house up with a drone.
With your family in it.
It costs six million
to put in a new well.
They're putting in 800
right fucking here.
That's 4.8 billion in pumpjacks.
They'll put in another billion
on water and housing
and trucking.
At $78 a barrel. that's
6.4 million a day.
For the next 50 fucking years.
So. yeah. the oil
company's coming.
So. they send you
to tell us fuck off?
They sent me to negotiate
a surface lease.
And we'll build you a
nice all-weather road
that leads to our oil
wells and to the highway.
And a few others.
if you need them.
He's gonna build us a road.
Hey. here's the deal.
and it's the only deal:
You don't fuck with our product.
we don't fuck with yours.
Because if you do. we'll
put in a DEA substation
right across the fucking street.
We got a deal?
We got a deal.
Surface lease
agreement's in there.
Signature pages are marked.
Now. we'll need an address
for the surface lease payment
and the damage reimbursements.
Damage?
Yeah.
We'll pay you for the
damage to the land
we built your roads on and
the pads for our pumpjacks.
You pay me?
Yeah. we pay you.
Mm. strange business.
Same as yours.
No. I don't think so.
You sell a product
that your customers
are dependent on.
Yes.
It's the same.
Ours is just bigger.
Vámonos.
♪ quiet. dramatic music
Oil and Gas Industry makes
$3 billion dollars a
day in pure profit.
Generates over $4.3 trillion
dollars a year in revenue.
It is the seventh largest
industry in the world.
ranked ahead of food production.
automobile production.
coal mining.
and at 1.4 trillion. the
pharmaceutical industry
doesn't even crack the top ten.
The industries listed
ahead of oil and gas
are completely dependent on
oil and gas.
The more they grow.
the more we grow.
That's the scale.
That's the size of this thing.
And it's only getting bigger.
This fucking job.
But before any of
that money is made.
you gotta get the lease.
You gotta secure the rights
and lock up the surface.
Then babysit the owners.
babysit the crews.
Then manage the
police and the press
when the babies
refuse to be sat.
That's my job.
Secure the lease. then
manage the people.
First part's pretty simple.
It's the second part
that can get you killed.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
What the...
♪ quiet. dramatic music ♪
♪ contemplative
acoustic guitar music ♪
Come on.
You baby Norris?
- Cooper.
- Nah.
I think baby's better.
Get in.
♪ "No Vacancy" by
Treaty Oak Revival ♪
Three black coffees?
Oh. you got another
one in there.
You want something. sugar?
Uh...
I can
have that effect.
Do you like black coffee.
or a little bit
of milk in there?
I'll take. uh...
Yeah. actually some
milk. Can I have a latte?
- What the fuck?!
- A what?
You just order a
fucking latte? What?
- An aristocrat.
- What?
Don't normally make lattes
till the bankers wake up.
We don't have time to
wait for a fucking latte.
Why the fuck do you
need a latte. bro?
- I... I just ordered...
- He's asking her to make
- the most complicated shit. man.
- We got to get to work.
- Sorry.
- "Sorry."
You want to ask for a
continental breakfast?
- I...
- What the fuck is your problem?
- Oh. here we go.
- Here it comes.
The white kid ordered a latte!
Great job. man. First day.
That'll be 27. sweetie.
Unreal.
This is for you. darling.
♪ Said she'll call me
round half past eight ♪
♪ Been a damn long day.
don't wait up too late... ♪
Hey. if you're
gonna work the patch
you got to learn how
to drink it black.
'cause everything we do
is on the fucking go.
I just don't like
the way it tastes.
Ain't about the taste.
son. it's about the fuel.
Six hours from now
when you need a jolt.
you can't drink
that curdled milk.
Be throwing up
all over my truck.
You don't want
to throw up in his truck.
In fact. give me that.
Yeah. give that shit...
Your father said to
make you into a roughneck.
May as well start now.
♪ Well. the world
is on its head ♪
♪ And I thank my lucky
stars that I ain't dead ♪
♪ I spend my whole
life in the red ♪
♪ And I done my best
to keep my family fed ♪
♪ So when I lay
my burdens down ♪
♪ Keep my debts
out of your mind ♪
♪ Just for a while ♪
♪ All my troubles
and my trials ♪
♪ They lay scattered
on the trail ♪
♪ For miles and miles... ♪
All right. Monday.
let's see what you got.
♪ I been paying my whole life ♪
♪ Trying hard to find the
blame for all my strife ♪
♪ I been burning
through my check ♪
♪ And I never felt the
gold around my neck... ♪
How was the night?
H.R... they stopped to
ask for gang affiliations.
So now I got this drilling
crew that's half Bloods.
half Crips. who decided
to have a gunfight
in the fucking man
camp last night.
You can't wear straw.
It ain't Easter yet.
It's gonna be 95 today.
I'd say that's Easter
enough. wouldn't you?
Goddamn it. Dale.
How many times am I
gonna have to tell you
to pour the beans
in a fucking bowl?
You burn up a microwave a week
putting them fucking
cans in there.
- Tastes different in a bowl.
- No. they don't.
They taste exactly
the fucking same.
Mm-mm. taste different.
Well. shit. I guess
cowboy culture
is out the fucking
window with you two. huh?
You see a cowboy in this
room. you point him out.
When's your hitch done?
- Today. Mm.
- Thank God.
- Be at the courthouse by 11:00.
- Yeah.
Not 11:30. 11:00.
Yes. sir.
Hello?
What?
- What?
- How-how far?
Just send me a pin.
I'm on the way. All right.
On your way where?
You're gonna have to
depose me tomorrow.
It has to be today. Tommy.
These sons of bitches
are so far up my ass.
they're staring at the
back of my tonsils.
Well. it's gonna
have to be tomorrow.
'cause I think I
found our plane.
You guys lost a plane?
How the fuck you lose
a plane?
...prices are
up with the national average.
reaching $3.86.
News of maintenance work
at both Valero and Tesoro
refineries scheduled for
May has sparked fears of
a summer gasoline shortage.
Yeah. ask 'em why they're
doing maintenance in May. Kate.
OPEC meets next week to discuss
an increase in production.
No. they're not.
They're gonna cut
production. honey.
They're gonna take
oil to a hundred.
Who the hell is your
shitty source. anyway?
Although some insiders
fear a cut in production...
Well. look at the brain on Kate.
You keep listening
to your insiders.
You may figure this game out.
What in the fucking hell?
Call Nate.
Is it our plane?
Yeah. it
looks like it.
- Where is it?
- In about a thousand pieces
out here on the road we
built by the Pyote field.
- Hey. let me call you back.
- Should I call Fort Worth?
Yeah. somebody should.
Quite a mess.
You ain't seen the mess yet.
Can I leave my truck here?
It's your road.
FAA says you reported
this plane stolen.
Yeah. six weeks ago.
And you didn't feel like you
needed to report that to me?
Well. if you were the
fucking airplane police.
I would have. Walt.
but since you're not.
I called the airplane police.
It's their job to
call you. not mine.
Well. they didn't.
Well. I don't know
what to tell you.
That's the federal
government for you.
What's all this?
One of 75 reasons
you should have called me
the second that
plane went missing.
- Cocaine?
- Maybe.
Maybe heroin.
Where's the pilot?
Cooking in the cockpit.
I got DEA and FAA
sending HAZMAT crews
down here to pull him out.
Stay upwind of that shit.
It'll kill you
quicker than a bullet.
That's a TTP truck.
Yep.
What the fuck's it
doing on our road?
He's probably gonna ask you the
same thing about that plane.
Did you report it stolen
to your insurance company?
You know how this shit works.
Trucks and excavators
and all kinds of shit
go missing every day.
And then a couple months later.
they find their way back.
If I reported everything
that was stolen around here.
the whole fucking Permian
Basin would be a crime scene.
Goddamn it.
I got 4.200 barrels of oil
I got to move out
of here every day.
Not on this road.
Not for a while.
I'm gonna need some
love on this deal. Walt.
What kind of love?
The kind that backdates
a police report.
For God sakes. Tommy.
The FAA was aware.
They dropped the ball.
Just use the date
that I gave them.
and match it. that's all.
You know how many eyes are
gonna be on this thing?
The kind with a "G" on
their license plate.
I ain't backdating nothing.
Okay. in today's report.
just note that FAA was
notified last month.
Can you do that?
It's the fucking truth. Walt.
I'll put it in my report.
All right. in all caps. please.
Hey. I'm gonna
need a road crew out here.
I'm gonna drop you a pin.
Need a half a mile detour
around an incident site.
Hey. Walt. can we build a road
around on that side over there.
so we can elbow
around this shit?
- Over there?
- Yeah.
Over there where the dead
body and the drugs are? No.
Okay. well. how about
that side over there?
Is there any dead bodies
and dope over there?
Haven't looked
over there yet.
Well. how about
we fucking go look then?
Shit.
Well. I don't see any dead
drug dealers over here.
Not any dead guys
here. not any dope...
Fuck.
Walt?
There's a dead son
of a bitch over here.
- Yo!
- Sir?
- Come tape it off.
- Hey. I'm back.
Listen. we're gonna need
enough caliche for about a mile
to get us around
this fucking mess.
So I want you to start right now
and don't stop till you're done.
Run 'em all night.
All right.
I wouldn't want to have
your job this week.
Shit. you wouldn't want to
have my job any week. Walt.
♪ Somber music ♪
Call Monty Miller.
Great.
Well. it looks like it's
gonna be Monday all day today.
Actually. it won't be
Monday once today. Tommy.
It's Friday.
It can't be Friday. I
just got here yesterday.
March first. you switched
to a Friday through Tuesday.
If you would look at me.
you would see the calendar.
If you looked at me.
we'd still be married.
Well. I'm going down the
highway at 80 miles an hour.
If I looked at you.
I'd probably die.
That was a pretty
big truck. wasn't it?
Okay. it's Friday.
You have Ainsley.
- Ainsley?
- Yeah. it's your weekend.
You just told me my weekend
is Wednesday and Thursday.
Yours is. but the
rest of the world
takes Saturday and Sunday off.
That world includes
me and your daughter.
Victor and I are going to Cabo
and I can't leave Ainsley
alone in this house.
Honey. she's 17
fucking years old.
Have you seen her new boyfriend?
Goddamn it. Hold on.
I'm pulling over.
Look at this kid.
I mean. she could get pregnant
from the fucking photograph.
Okay. I see your point.
Do you trust her driving to you?
To Odessa?
- Yeah.
- Are you shittin' me?
Have her go to Meacham.
I'll put her on the
flight with the engineers.
Okay...
You changed your hair color.
Yeah. the redhead
experiment is over.
Well. I always preferred
your natural color.
to tell you the truth.
Baby. you've never
seen my natural color.
So what time are you
and Vernon going to...
- Victor.
Uh. what time are
y'all leaving for Cabo?
Not till tonight.
Well. how come you'd
be dressed that way
at 8:00 in the morning. then?
You think this is dressed up?
Uh. yeah. I do. And so do you.
Do you like it?
Yes. I do like it.
You see. one of
life's great pleasures
is showing you what
you're missing.
You don't have to show
me to know. honey.
I already know.
How's our baby?
Uh. it's his first day.
First days ain't easy.
Another Norris in the oil patch.
What a waste.
Wasn't my idea.
Apple don't fall far. does it?
Well. you're half of the tree.
in case you forgot. darlin'.
Anyway. just get her
at the airport there
by 3:00. all right?
Or fuckin' hang up
on me. either way.
♪ Solemn acoustic guitar music ♪
The way I got
started in this.
I was working in West Texas
as a petroleum engineer
and I decided that it was time
to have a little
adventure in life.
And I answered this one
particular advertisement
to go to work for
a company in Libya
as a field petroleum engineer.
My Arabic friends
used to laugh at me
because I would speak
Arabic with a Texas accent.
And it was hard for them
to understand my Arabic.
even though I was
speaking the true words.
Things were going along
pretty well until 1967.
There was the Arab/Israeli War.
And we could certainly
see that the Arab view
of us expatriates
was beginning to dim.
I will tell you what.
I am about done with
looking north of I-20.
I sunk three wells last week.
I didn't even hit water.
It's because there ain't
any water north of I-20.
More than there is south of it.
- What county?
- Stonewall.
Shit. they been sucking that
oil for a hundred years.
Frack the ones
that are going dry
and get the hell out.
Besides. what are you
gonna do with three wells?
That's where my minerals are.
Should've bought the
basin after Covid hit.
No. I don't play that big.
We were buying 100 sections
for five cents on the dollar.
That ain't big. that's smart.
There ain't no new oil to be
found in that rocky red dirt.
Shit. This ain't gonna be good.
Give me a second. boys.
Yeah. go ahead. Mon.
Hey. let me get somewhere quiet.
♪ Quiet. dramatic music ♪
All right. how bad?
That's a
tricky one to answer.
Is it something you
and Nate can handle?
Well. they're gonna hit
you from three directions.
The insurance company.
victims' families and TTP.
All right. well.
I'll handle TTP.
Who's the best litigation
firm in Midland?
Well. they won't file here.
they'll file in Houston.
First one to hire
Shepherd-Hastings wins.
Who do you like over there?
Clay Chandler is an assassin.
You want me to call him?
No. I'll call him. you just
keep this shit out of the news.
This
is the patch. Monty.
An airplane full of drugs
being run over by an
oil tanker ain't news.
that's just another Monday.
Yeah. well. it
ain't Monday. Tommy.
It's Monday to me.
What's he supposed
to be checking?
Tucker valve.
What the fuck is a Tucker valve?
First day on the job.
Motherfucker. I can't
have Tommy Norris's son
dying on my pad... get
him down from there.
All right. I'll do it right now.
You got to go right
up at the top!
Like that?
I don't see it!
You got to go higher!
Higher!
I don't
see any valve!
I remember when you
did this shit to me.
Almost shit my pants.
You did shit your pants.
Higher!
Oh. fuck.
- I don't see the valve!
- No? You don't see the gauge?
No! No gauge!
Oh. you know what? Never
mind. it's down here.
Oh. what the fuck.
So I can come down?
What. are you
gonna stay up there all day?
Gets your ass down here!
Oh. shit.
Whoa!
- Oh. shit.
- Nah...
This kid is gonna
fuckin' die. Hey. kid!
Take your time!
Go. go. go. go. go.
Shit.
Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck.
- He's stuck.
- He's gonna be fine.
Hey.
Why you so scared. man?
You got a harness on.
You're wired. all right?
Yeah.
- You good?
- Uh-huh.
Look at me.
Get your feet set first.
Come on.
Then one hand. then the other.
Okay. Okay.
Three points of contact.
- Three points of contact.
- Yeah. yeah. at all times.
- Okay. okay.
- Okay?
Let's head down.
- Okay.
- Ain't got all day.
Sh-Shit.
♪ Slow. intense music ♪
You're good.
man. Almost there.
You good or
what? what happened?
Holy shit. bro. All
right. let's go.
You dumbass. Come on.
Let me see that hand.
Okay. rinse it.
There's a first-aid kit
in the field office.
Wrap it.
So the gauge was down
here the whole time?
Wait a minute. were you
guys fuckin' with me?
Yes. First day.
man. Gonna happen.
- Yeah.
- Hey. come on.
Go on!
Welcome to the patch.
You did good. son.
You did good.
♪ "Everlasting Lover"
by 49 Winchester ♪
♪ Everlasting lover ♪
♪ I got a lot I
want to say to you ♪
♪ Well. you make me
feel less lonesome ♪
♪ Then I ever used to ♪
♪ Everlasting lover ♪
♪ Honey. it ain't
that I want to ♪
♪ Oh. but sometimes
the pain takes over ♪
♪ And I'll just slip through ♪
♪ When I get stoned
and I feel rejected ♪
♪ Weary from the road
and half beaten down... ♪
Your day about to
start or just end?
I'm in the middle of mine.
All right. which you
want? Breakfast. supper?
How come you ain't
got a lunch menu?
Because there ain't no such
thing as lunch in the patch.
Truer words. Ellie.
- Dinner.
- All right.
And can you drink
beer in the middle?
I don't see why not.
It's Friday for somebody.
All right. I'll
bring you a pitcher.
Thanks.
Want to
order a pitcher?
Ah. already did.
If Ultra's okay with you.
Oh. a Michelob man. huh?
Yeah. well. two million
team ropers can't be wrong.
We got to get paid on
this fire deal. Tommy.
You burned up 8.000 acres.
We're sitting on
a $300.000 loss.
I didn't burn up anything.
The fire burned it.
Started by a faulty
switch in your pump jack.
And spread by
50-mile-an-hour winds.
It's got "act of God"
written all over it.
If it hadn't been for that wind.
that thing don't
spread past 50 meters.
Listen. M-TEX has
been a good partner.
That's why we didn't
join that class action.
But we suffered real damages
and we need to be reimbursed.
Boys. boys. boys. We
eatin' or just arguin'?
- Just arguing now. honey.
- All right.
Listen. if we pay
for surface damages.
we're admitting fault.
- You are at fault.
- Well. so are you.
It started on your
client's land.
And they got a fire
crew over there.
They didn't stop it.
they didn't even try.
We'll sign an NDA.
'Cause that's worth the
paper it's printed on?
Listen. we will not let
you drill another well
until this is handled.
Okay. how about this:
I pay you $300.000. but
it's for a solar lease.
Our client doesn't want
solar on the ranch.
We don't sell solar panels.
we're a fucking oil company.
But I can justify payment
on solar rights or wind.
What time period
you talking about?
I don't give a shit.
Make it six months.
I just don't want to
have to pay you damages.
I think I can make that fly.
I don't see why you couldn't.
That's easier than selling
pussy at a men's prison.
I find that offensive. sir.
To who. the pussy
or the prisoners?
I find it difficult
to do business with
people who offend me.
Well. you see. we're not
in business together.
We lease your mineral rights.
and in exchange for that.
we pay you $2 and a half
million dollars a year.
And maintain your roads
and dig your stock tanks.
So. don't delude yourself into
thinking you're a rancher.
You're an oilman who spends the
money we give you on cattle.
If it hadn't been for us.
your family would have lost
that ranch in the '50s.
So. you just say "Thank you."
take the $300.000 for the grass.
and then I keep sending you
$200.000 checks every month.
But don't you dare
pretend that I offend you.
You smile and say.
"I'll take it."
Very good offer.
I recommend you take it.
I'll take it. but
I ain't smiling.
I guess not.
It takes a check to make
you do that. don't it?
I can't
wait for the day
when you and everyone like
you leaves this place.
You might want to
think that through.
'Cause if I'm gone. that
means the oil's gone.
and if the oil's gone. that
means the money's gone.
and that means you're gone.
We'll write it up. get
it to you next week.
Now are we eating?
I guess I'm eating alone now.
Oh. baby. What can I get you?
♪ Slow. hopeful music ♪
Daddy!
- Baby.
- Hi!
You get prettier
every day. little angel.
You didn't drink them out of
those little Tito's bottles.
- did you?
- Daddy. of course not.
Your engineers did that.
Well. they have the practice.
I want you to meet my boyfriend.
Your mother didn't say anything
about the boyfriend coming.
'Cause you know Mommy. The
less she knows the better.
She's such a helicopter parent.
- I don't know what that means.
- Just hovering
and hovering and
hovering. always.
Daddy. meet Dakota.
Mr. Norris.
- Pleasure. sir.
- Yeah. good to meet you.
Dakota? What's your last name?
Loving. sir.
"Dakota Loving."
You can't make that shit up.
Let's go.
So windy.
♪ Well. my trailer looks
like a liquor store ♪
♪ Or maybe one that
just got robbed ♪
♪ And. well. I've
got every bottle ♪
♪ You can think of. honey... ♪
So. what would you kids
like to do tonight?
Well. do you have a
car we could borrow?
No. I don't.
What about this one?
This one's mine.
Okay.
♪ I can't remember
what I said... ♪
We could watch the spring game.
Yeah. Dakota's a
football fanatic.
Well. not a. not
a fanatic. honey.
A phenom.
Oh.
sorry. baby. Phenom.
He's a phenom.
You know. he made ESPN's top 50.
- Is that so?
- Mm-hmm.
Did you pick a school yet?
Uh. Alabama.
Little far from Tech. isn't it?
Well. I applied to Alabama
as soon as Dakota
accepted their offer.
It's just a tough
school to get into.
Uh. but I. you know. I
talked to Coach Saban.
told him how much
I wanted her there.
I play better when
she's watching me.
You know Coach Saban
retired. right?
What?
- Uh... no. No.
- Did he retire?
That's rumors.
You know. maybe we
should go to this game.
- Did you talk to him?
- Yeah. yeah. He...
Yeah. let's go to the game.
♪ The next day. 'cause
there ain't no rest... ♪
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Hike!
That son of a bitch
is a celebrity.
If I don't
get into Alabama.
I'm gonna die. Daddy.
I swear to God. I'm gonna die.
You're not gonna die.
I'll die.
Are you two having sex?
Daddy.
- Well. I had to ask.
- Of course.
And that's what
I get for asking.
Are you being careful?
We have a rule and
we stick to it.
I'm gonna regret
asking you this.
but what is this rule?
As long as he never comes in me.
he can come anywhere on me.
I'm gonna go get a
Dr. Pepper. You want anything?
No.
Thanks for being so cool. Daddy.
I could never tell Mama
these kind of things.
- Can I get a Dr. Pepper?
- Yes.
You got any bourbon back there?
Sir?
Never mind.
- Rough day?
- You could say that.
I got some pot gummies
if you want. No charge.
Oh. that's real
sweet of you. honey.
but I think I'm
gonna pass on that.
How much do I owe you?
That'll be four. please.
Four?
There you go. And keep
that for yourself.
Appreciate it.
Hello.
He survived.
How'd he do?
Green. real green.
But don't say no. and he tries.
I mean. that's something.
Waste of a college
degree. if you ask me.
Well. nobody's asking you.
Nobody's asking me. either.
Like father like son.
if you know what I mean.
No one knows better.
I got a truckload of
"father like son."
That's why I put him with you.
to keep him out of trouble.
- I'll do my best.
- All right.
I'll talk to you later.
Are you shitting me? This
pretty son of a bitch
with his giant hand
on my daughter's ass?
- What did you just say?
- What?
Are you talking about my ass?
No. I'm talking about that
guy grabbing my daughter's ass
in front of the whole world.
Oh. my gosh. that's
Dakota Loving.
You've got to be shitting me.
♪ Slow. somber music ♪
Cooper.
This is your pod.
Hey. uh. what you got
going on for supper?
I-I don't know.
You got food in there?
I'll probably just
drive back to town.
Close the door.
Thank you.
Say "gracias."
Gracias.
You need
to learn Spanish
'cause I'm not speaking
English all fucking day.
- Okay.
- All right?
This is "cerveza."
Yes. Cerveza. I know cerveza.
All right. all right. Parrilla.
- Parrilla.
- Yeah. and that's carne.
- Carne.
- Yeah.
And when-when you're
drinking a beer.
you say. "Estoy
tomando una cerveza."
"Estoy t-tomando una cerveza"?
And when you're eating
a taco. you say.
"Estoy comiendo un
taco lleno de verga."
- "Estoy..."
- No. no. no.
- Don't say that.
- No...
Okay.
okay. okay. okay.
You just say. "Estoy
comiendo un taco."
- Estoy comiendo un taco.
- Okay. you got it.
And you know. if I ask
you something in English.
just ask me how to
say it in Spanish
and you'll be
bilingual in a month.
- Okay.
- All right.
Get that.
Well. I mean. she
just wants to talk to you.
She's your daughter.
Hola. chiquita.
Hello.
That
was my daughter.
My wife told her
no about something.
and she knows that I have
no pull with the boss. so...
So. Elvio. he's your son?
Hermanito.
Uh. it... uh. he's
my little brother.
Okay. So. your whole
family works the patch?
Everybody's whole
family works the patch.
Hey.
My uncle was in
prison for ten years.
Really?
Dude. the o... the only way
for a felon to make six figures
is to steal it or
work the patch.
I tried to steal it. and I
ended up right where he was.
You know what. though?
It's better you work
for it real hard.
You know? That way.
nobody can take it away.
I can see that.
Like. Elvio. he's smart.
you know? Real smart.
He skipped prison and went
straight to the patch.
Owns his home.
Got his truck paid
off. Wife don't work.
I mean. how many
24-year-olds can say that?
- Not very many.
Oh. yeah. the meat's ready.
Okay. I got to go. baby.
That means. "Let's go eat."
Okay. okay.
Hey. bring my beer.
Dig in. man.
How do you say that in Spanish?
Not really. but. uh.
that'll work.
Oh. man. that's good.
- Good. right?
- Mm-hmm.
Holy shit. that's hot.
You got a
way to go. son.
That's not
even the hot one. bro.
How is that
not the hot one?
It's not that bad.
bro. What'd you give him?
Dos tacos de verga.
You okay. son?
- Yeah.
- Don't fucking die here.
Holy shit.
Man. drink some
beer. bro. You good?
♪ Tranquil music ♪
All right. I'm turning in.
- Good night. Daddy.
- No. no. You're coming with me.
- What?
- That's right.
We're gonna have an
old-fashioned sleep-in.
like we used to
when you were nine.
I'm not sleeping in the
same bed as my father.
You sleep in the bed.
I'll sleep on the floor.
The part of the floor that's
directly in front of the door.
Uh. where's my room. Mr. Norris?
Oh. we put you in
the junior suite.
which is this
fucking couch here.
Sweet dreams. Come on. baby.
You're not
preventing anything. Daddy.
Just postponing it.
You're just forcing the
tension to rise even further.
You know. there is no telling
what I'll let him do to me
when he finally has me alone.
You know. every now and
then. you say things
that harken back the other
side of your gene pool.
- Are you insulting Mama?
- Yeah. I am.
You don't think we're
gonna last. do you?
Did that sweatshirt
come with pants?
Like as a set?
I think that's just
for nursing homes.
I love him.
Honey. every
romantic relationship
you'll ever have
will be a failure.
except the last one.
Do you think this is
the last relationship
you're ever gonna have?
I want it to be.
Well. hell. we want
all of them to be.
Do you think it will be?
He can have anyone.
- Well. shit. you can. too.
- Daddy.
By your logic. I should
just break up with him now
and spare myself the suffering
and just wait for the last one.
It don't work that way.
You got to love your way
through the failures.
You never know if you're in
the last one till you're in it.
Did you think Mama
was the last one?
Shit. no.
Hell. honey. I was shocked your
mom and I lasted six weeks.
Well. why did it last so long?
Same as you.
I mean. as wrong as we
were for each other.
I-I loved her.
Couldn't keep my damn
hands off of her.
Shit. I still love her.
If she lost the power of speech.
I'd marry her again tomorrow.
I've never slept with him.
We've had sex just about
everywhere you can do it.
Honey...
I've never slept with him.
Like. I've...
Like. I've never fallen
asleep in his arms or...
like. woken up in them.
Daddy. if I promise
not to have sex.
can I just sleep with
him on the couch?
Please?
Just sleep?
- You promise?
- Mm-hmm.
I do. Mm-hmm.
That couch is a rental.
Okay. Got it.
Lord. where'd my nuts go?
How'd you pull this off?
- I made a promise.
- Mm. yeah? What's the promise.
Well. I can sleep with
you. but we can't have sex.
Can you make that promise?
Uh...
I'd rather not.
Well. I know
baby. but can you make it?
Mm.
Can we. can we dry hump?
You can hold me.
Okay. well. let's
talk about this.
I mean. you promised no sex.
Well. that... that
leaves out a lot.
♪ Tense music ♪
Yeah?
♪ somber music ♪
What happened?
Guess he's not the last one.
He don't know what he's missing.
Come on. babe.
Come on. babe. lay down.
Come here. honey. Come here.
How come you're always right?
'Cause I spent all
my life being wrong.
I never forgot the lessons.
Thank you.
Honey.
Fuck Alabama.
Yeah. Fuck 'em.
♪ Melancholy music ♪
Hey. the 18's too
small. Go to 24.
Cooper. go get the
24-inch pipe wrench.
Which one is that?
The one that says "24."
Go!
The one the size
of your arm. You'll see it.
You got it?
- I'm looking.
- Hurry up!
- He's bringing the 24.
- I got this.
- What is he doing?
- Okay. here we go.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
I got it.
He's
bringing the 24.
Okay. that's what
it should've been.
Oh. yeah. Here we come.
Whoa!
♪ somber music ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org